Expand the Lambda tutorial with inserting function (#631)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/aws-lambda/create-data-api.md

[lambda-layers]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html
[lambda-psycopg2]: https://github.com/jkehler/awslambda-psycopg2
[custom-lambda-integration]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-custom-integrations.html

## Create a Lambda function to insert data into the database

> Now that you know how to create a `GET` API for your database, let's see how
> to create a `POST` API which allows you to insert data into the database using 
> a JSON payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have created the `GET` API for your database, you can
create a `POST` API. This allows you to insert data into the database
with a JSON payload.
```

<procedure>

> ### Create a Lambda function to insert data into the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a Lambda function to insert data into the database
```

        db_port = os.environ['DB_PORT']
        db_pass = os.environ['DB_PASS']
    
        conn = psycopg2.connect(user=db_user, database=db_name, host=db_host,
                              password=db_pass, port=db_port)
    
        cursor = conn.cursor()
        sql = "INSERT INTO stocks_intraday VALUES %s"
        
        records = json.loads(event["body"]).get("records")
        if  isinstance(records, Dict):
            values = [[value for value in records.values()], ]
        else:
            values = [[value for value in item.values()] for item in records]
        execute_values(cursor, sql, values)
        conn.commit()
        conn.close()
    
        return {
            'statusCode': 200,
            'body': json.dumps(event, default=str),
            'headers': {
                "Content-Type": "application/json"
                }
        }
    
      ```
1. Upload the function to AWS Lambda:
  ```bash
  zip insert_function.zip insert_function.py
  aws lambda create-function --function-name insert_function \
  --runtime python3.8 --handler function.lambda_handler \
  --role <ARN_LAMBDA_ROLE> --zip-file fileb://insert_function.zip

>   ```

Reviewer: Indent

Author: https://github.com/timescale/docs/pull/631/commits/e3b2e6afaba56c2bb2f4557d5317d31cab7bed0d

> 1. Create a new API Gateway, called `InsertApi`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new API gateway called `InsertApi`:
```

    ```bash
    aws apigateway create-rest-api --name 'InsertApi' --region us-east-1
    ```

> 1.  Retrieve the `id` of the root resource, to add a new POST endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Retrieve the `id` of the root resource, and add a new POST endpoint:
```

    ```bash
    aws apigateway get-resources --rest-api-id <API_ID> --region us-east-1
    {
      "items": [
        {
            "id": "hs26aaaw56",
            "path": "/"
        },
        {
            "id": "r9cakv",
            "parentId": "hs26aaaw56",
            "pathPart": "ticker",
            "path": "/ticker",
            "resourceMethods": {
                "GET": {}
            }
        }
      ]
    }
    ```
1.  Create a new resource. In this example, the new resource is called `insert`:
    ```bash
    aws apigateway create-resource --rest-api-id <API_ID> --region us-east-1 
    --parent-id <RESOURCE_ID> --path-part insert
    {
        "id": "arabc2",
        "parentId": "r5fc0ufn0h",
        "pathPart": "insert",
        "path": "/insert"
    }
    ```

> 1.  Create a POST request for the /insert resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a POST request for the `insert` resource:
```

{
    "records": [
        {
            "time": "2021-11-12 15:00:00",
            "symbol": "AAPL",
            "price_open": 149.8,
            "price_close": 149.81,
            "price_low": 149.73,
            "price_high": 149.73,
            "trading_volume": 17291
        },
        {
            "time": "2021-11-12 15:00:00",
            "symbol": "MSFT",
            "price_open": 337.15,
            "price_close": 337.15,
            "price_low": 337.15,
            "price_high": 337.15,
            "trading_volume": 562
        },
        {
            "time": "2021-11-12 15:00:00",
            "symbol": "FB",
            "price_open": 341.35,
            "price_close": 341.3,
            "price_low": 341.3,
            "price_high": 341.35,
            "trading_volume": 556
        }
    ]
}
```

Use `curl` to make the request:
```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d @./post.json 
https://h45kwepq8g.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/test_post_api/insert_function
```

If everything is working properly, the content of your JSON payload file gets 
inserted into the database.

|time|symbol|price_open|price_high|price_low|price_close|trading_volume|

> |---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
```

|2021-11-12 21:00:00|AAPL|149.8|149.73|149.73|149.81|17291|
|2021-11-12 21:00:00|MSFT|337.15|337.15|337.15|337.15|562|
|2021-11-12 21:00:00|FB|341.35|341.35|341.3|341.3|556|

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
